Update BoF request. (#33)
boucadair/WG-Charters: onions-bofrequest.md

## Description

A variety of service abstraction mechanisms are used in large networks to provide differentiated services, simplify provisioning, and decouple service operations from underlying network operations. These service abstractions include (but are not limited to) VPNs, service function chains, traffic-engineered services, attachment circuits, and network slicing. The operational workflows for deploying, monitoring, troubleshooting, and evolving these service abstractions are inconsistent. In particular, integration is complex when the components needed for a given service abstraction are not necessarily aligned.

The ONIONS BoF will build on the [IAB NEMOPS workshop](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-iab-nemops-workshop-report/) and establish the operators’ use of abstractions, as well as the challenges faced, to enable operators to manage and automate service abstractions and do so in a consistent manner.

> 

Reviewer: The charter has a paragraph on this. But it is fine if this should not be highlighted in the BoF Request.

The goal of this BoF is to determine whether there is interest in forming a working group focused on operationalising service and network abstractions, including:

- Understanding the need for service and network abstractions.

> - Developing and maintaining the service and network-level YANG data models.

Reviewer: FYI - In the charter, we currently focus on Maintenance only as "3. Maintaining YANG data models for network and service abstractions, and". We do not have any new service- and network- YANG model proposed. Do you see value in having a larger scope in the BoF request?

Author: I would imagine that there would be new models that would need to be developed. Better to put it in now than have to recharter just to add that later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enabling and maintaining the service and network-level YANG data models.
```

- Documenting the interaction between the service and network YANG data models and the underlying device models.

> - Publishing YANG-based APIs for use in integration and automation.

Reviewer: Could this be confused with publishing APIs in the form of RFCs?

Author: We want to be flexible in how the APIs are published. They could be in the form of RFC, or posted on a website, or handed over in the form of (JSON) file.

- Any protocols or practices that already exist in this space: L3SM, L2SM, L3NM, L2NM, Network Slicing, ACaaS
- Which (if any) modifications to existing protocols or practices are required: Proposed updates to the above models
- Which (if any) entirely new protocols or practices are required: Service abstractions through APIs built from YANG data models 

> - Open source projects (if any) implementing this work: TBD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open source projects (if any) implementing this work: Related to [yang2swagger](https://github.com/Amartus/yang2swagger)
```
